Xiaorui is not dead yet
He can still be saved
Madam please calm down
Let the deceased rest in peace
Don't you know?
Is death to be argued from multiple angles?
You conclude that he is dead
This is your dereliction of duty as a doctor
You're not a doctor
What do you know?
The new store monitor has stopped beating
Is this all the doctors in the hospital know?
This is the best marriage in Sioux City
He has a faint pulsation
This is a false death.
Funny I've been in business for 15 years
I've done more than 1,000 surgeries, large and small.
Do you know medicine or do I?
Your judgment has no effect on me
I've done hundreds of surgeries with Dr. Wang
What are you questioning Dr. Wang?
He is the surgical authority at our hospital
Are you qualified?
The Thank You Letters Our Doctors Receive Every Year
I don't know how many pennants there are
Bleeding to death in front of our Dr. Wang
How ignorant is that?
What is your status here?
Even if he had a pulse
The king of heaven can't save him even when he comes
I'm talking about being a doctor.
Even if there is a glimmer of hope, it should not be given up
Put up or shut up.
You can't shut your mouth
Prepare the patient for CPR immediately
Are you kidding me?
Is this woman crazy?
A Wei Hao really plans to perform the surgery by himself
Cheng shut up
It's still here.
Oh oh good scalpel
Ma'am, the surgery failed.
I can understand how you feel now.
But an ordinary surgery
He also needs to have extensive practical experience and preparation
Not to mention this complicated surgery
You have no experience in operating on children
This will only make him more miserable
Xiao Rui needs surgery now
I will take responsibility for my actions.
I need you as my assistant now
Can you cooperate with me to complete the surgery?
You are